Url allow insecure connection (#206)
thecodingmachine/gotenberg: build/docs/content/03-environment-variables.md

> The default Google Chrome rpcc buffer size may also be overridden per request thanks to the form field `googleChromeRpccBufferSize`.
> See the [rpcc buffer size section](#html.rpcc_buffer_size).

> ## Ignore certificate errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Google Chrome ignore certificate errors
```

> By default Chrome will not accept certificate errors when using the URL print method. Setting this environment variable to `"1"` will allow insecure connections to be used. In dev environment for example. Be careful with this! Do not use in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing a [URL](#url) conversion, Google Chrome will not accept certificate errors . 

You may allow insecure connections by setting `GOOGLE_CHROME_IGNORE_CERTIFICATE_ERRORS` variable to `"1"`. **You should be careful with this feature and only enable it in your development environment.**
```
